Add note about timezone required for buckets less than one day + edits (#806)
timescale/docs: api/time_bucket_ng.md

| `timezone` | TEXT | The name of the timezone. The argument can be specified only if the type of `ts` is TIMESTAMPTZ |

For backward compatibility with `time_bucket()` the `timezone` argument is

> optional. However, it is required for time buckets that are less than twenty
> four hours. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
optional. However, it is required for time buckets that are less than 24 hours. 
```

| `timezone` | TEXT | The name of the timezone. The argument can be specified only if the type of `ts` is TIMESTAMPTZ |

For backward compatibility with `time_bucket()` the `timezone` argument is

> optional. However, it is required for time buckets that are less than twenty
> four hours.

Author: ```suggestion
optional. However, it is required for time buckets that are less than 24 hours.
```
